---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: why not.
datePublished: '2016-03-27T08:50:01.783Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-27T08:47:26.444Z'
title: Foreword
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-27-foreword.md
published: true
url: foreword/index.html
_type: Article

---
why not.

The beginning of a new journey to some, but for me it's really taking the second step to a journey I started a while back.

There are two principles that I hold dear; justice and equality. 

Back in my university days, I was quite active in the local startup space and student clubs. I was able to get that out of classroom experience that was necessary for me to launch the rest of my career.

For me there was a couple events that lead me to come up with the idea of why not., what it should stand for, and how I was going to achieve it.

It was around this time I fell in love with the TV show _'How To Make It In America'. _A show about two young friends in New York trying to make it, working shit jobs and not happy with where they have made it, they decided to try it on their own. They start a clothing line, aiming to embody the persona of New York they carry. On a side note, I was devastated when it was cancelled after two seasons... (if I'm ever in the position to revive it, don't worry, I will!)

Another thing I very much am passionate about is what is now coined as the _Sharing Economy_. But for me this really boils down to the two principles that define who I am; justice and equality. Simply put they way the modern economy works really is all about maximising profits, and exploiting whoever and whomever stands in the way of that. If it means putting some people in poverty, so what? This is a mentality that unfortunately still underpins majority of companies today and drives our economies towards 'progress'.

What I think is really simple. Someone makes an item, they should be rewarded for that. So for me simply put, I intend to make a business model whereby whoever makes the goods, gets their fair share of their profit. Now don't get me wrong, I'm not embarking on a not-for-profit model. To be clear, I have every intention of making a profit, and lot's of it. I want to make a shit load of money.

But rather than 'giving back' or having a 'Corporate Social Responsibility' programme, which to be honest is all a load of bullshit, I want to ingrain into the ethos and model of my business. Over the next few weeks (time permitting). I'll be shedding more light on to what my intended business model is, and what types of things I'd like to do. All building up to an inevitable launch and beginning of this business.